Added page for ending the beta (#257)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/aura-graphql/end-of-beta-phase.adoc

+
image::aura-graphql/console_data_api_delete_menu.png[]
+
3. Type in the name of your GraphQL API and confirm with **Delete**.
+
image::aura-graphql/console_data_api_confirm_delete_menu.png[]

=== Aura CLI 

This section assumes that you have configured the Aura CLI.
If you have not, follow the guidance provided in  xref:aura-graphql/prerequisites.adoc#_install_and_configure_the_aura_cli[].

1. Locate the Aura instance ID that the GraphQL API is being used with.
+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
aura-cli instance list --output table
----
+
2. From the displayed table, make a note of the relevant Aura ID. Use the ID to obtain the ID of the GraphQL API whose configuration you want to back up.
+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
aura-cli data-api graphql list --instance-id YOUR_AURA_INSTANCE_ID --output table
----
+
3. Delete the GraphQL API.  
+
[WARNING]
====
The Aura CLI does not ask for confirmation and processes the command immediately.  
====
+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
aura-cli data-api graphql delete YOUR_GRAPHQL_DATA_API_ID  --instance-id YOUR_AURA_INSTANCE_ID --output table
----

> == Provide feedback 
> 
> We encourage feedback because it directly impacts the final product. Here's why it matters:
> 
> [square]
> * Shape the Product
> + 
> Your feedback helps us refine features, fix bugs, and improve usability based on real user experiences.
> 
> 
> * Get a Product That Works for You
> + 
> By sharing your thoughts, you influence the design and functionality to better meet your needs.
> 
> 
> * Catch Issues Early
> + 
> Beta testing allows early identification and resolution of problems before the full release, ensuring a smoother experience.
> 
> 
> * Improve Performance and Reliability
> + 
> We rely on real-world usage data to optimize speed, stability, and efficiency.
> 
> 
> By providing feedback, you're not just testing a product—you’re helping build a better one.
> 
> Please take a few moments to do this in our GitHub repository by (https://github.com/neo4j/graphql/issues/new/choose)[creating an issue] or mailto:jon.giffard@neo4j.com[send an email]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Provide feedback 

Please consider taking a few moments to provide feedback either by creating an issue in our (https://github.com/neo4j/graphql/issues/new/choose)[GitHub repository] or using our #graphql channel on our [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/M8mTADEJ) or our [forums](https://community.neo4j.com/c/drivers-stacks/graphql/33).
```
